---
layout: post
title: March 2018 Update
date: 2017-01-11 02:35:14 +0200
categories: jekyll update
featured_image:
author:
---

Prayer Requests

* Expansion of New Life Baptist Church in Kwadwesi.&nbsp; We are wanting to start a second church soon.
* The sell of our house in the US-&nbsp; Our realtor let me know the house should be ready to list by March 9th. Please pray that it sells quickly.&nbsp; We will be using the proceeds of the house toward the purchase of Camp Rhino. &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;
* Property search- We have looked at several possible properties for Camp Rhino.&nbsp; We are running into drainage/sewer problems for the properties we have liked so far.&nbsp; Pray we will be patient and choose the property God wants us to have and that will be best for future growth.
* We are making an offer on 21 acres of land this week.&nbsp; We're not positive, but we may have found the property we've been needing to start the camp.
* Josh and Meagan Sullivan are in their last months of their deputation.&nbsp; Pray they raise the remainder of their support quickly and also pray their South Africa Visa applications go though without a problem.&nbsp; They are applying for their visas next week.

Quick Updates & Reminders:

* We have settled in our new/temporary home.&nbsp; We rented a place that suits our family well and also has extra space to house our interns and visitors from the States.&nbsp;
* Timmy and Destiny Kelly, interns from The Our Generation Training Center in Alpharetta, GA, are doing terrific.&nbsp; They have been heavily involved in all the ministries here since their arrival.
* Our 2nd children’s book of The Little Five Friends Series is in the illustrating stage.&nbsp; We hope to have this book available to you very soon.

There is so much that needs to be done.&nbsp; Arriving back to South Africa has been great, and there are so many opportunities we are excited about in the coming months.&nbsp; I am now working with 5 young guys for ministry preparation.&nbsp; Seeing them trained to do the work of the ministry is my priority, and I’m praying God would send us many more like then.&nbsp;

The need here in Africa is great.&nbsp; We need more laborers.&nbsp; Pray God works in the hearts of people to be a part of what’s going on.&nbsp; We are building a strong team that I pray not only impacts our country, but is involved in seeing missionaries and pastors sent all over Africa.&nbsp;

As Kevin Hall and I sat this week with a young man who wants to be a pastor from Zimbabwe, a country just north of us, I was reminded even more of the potential to see churches started here in South Africa and our neighboring countries.&nbsp;

Please Pray.